SM-7071: add Street works admin to list of roles and explain role (#748)
departmentfortransport/street-manager-docs: docs/_includes/api-documentation/v3/access-and-permissions.md

  <li>Planner, HighwayAuthority, Contractor, DataExport</li>
  <li>UI, API</li>
  <li>Admin, API</li>

>   <li>Contractor, StreetWorksAdmin</li>

Reviewer: Maybe add a sentence below to explain that StreetWorksAdmin must be paired along with another role

#### Role Based Access - HighwayAuthority
{: .govuk-heading-s}

`HighwayAuthority` users are not restricted to work records based upon workstreams or contract associations. Instead they are only allowed to perform write actions on resources associated with their own organisation. For example they can only assess permits for work records which have been assigned to their own organisation. `HighwayAuthority` user can instead filter resources using Geographical Areas. For more information see the [resource guide](#geographical-areas)
{: .govuk-body}

#### Street Works Administrators
{: .govuk-heading-s}

The `Street Works Administrator` role cannot be used by itself, it must be paired with either Admin, Planner or Highway Authority. This role is not available to contractors.
{: .govuk-body}

In the furture the `Street Works Administrator` role will be used in conjunction with another role to give some trusted users elevated access to sensitive information, for example financial information. This role has no effect at this time.

> {: .govuk-body}

Reviewer 2: These two paragraphs say the same thing - First says `must be paired with` and second say `used in conjunction with`

Author: @RichardEustace I have updated the second paragraph to ``` In the future the `Street Works Administrator` role will be used to give some trusted users elevated access to sensitive information, for example financial information. This role has no effect at this time.```

> `HighwayAuthority` users are not restricted to work records based upon workstreams or contract associations. Instead they are only allowed to perform write actions on resources associated with their own organisation. For example they can only assess permits for work records which have been assigned to their own organisation. In a future release we will introduce Geographical Areas, a way for `HighwayAuthority` users to filter resources based on a set list of USRNs.

Reviewer: I realise that this wasn't added by this PR however Geographical Area have been release now for a while. Might be worth updating this when we are here 

```suggestion
`HighwayAuthority` users are not restricted to work records based upon workstreams or contract associations. Instead they are only allowed to perform write actions on resources associated with their own organisation. For example they can only assess permits for work records which have been assigned to their own organisation. `HighwayAuthority` user can instead filter resources using Geographical Areas. For more information see the [resource guide](#geographical-areas)
```

{: .govuk-body}

#### Street Works Administrators
{: .govuk-heading-s}

> `Street Works Administrators` are the main contact for Street works. A user also has to be an Admin, Planner or Highway Authority but not a Contractor and will have the same access as their other role. They are different from a `User Administrator` because they are the main contact for Street works who will deal with the communication for the organisation.

Reviewer: What about something along the line of...

```suggestion
The `Street Works Administrator` role cannot be used by itself, it must be paired with either Admin, Planner or Highway Authority. This role is not available to contractors. 

In the furture the `Street Works Administrator` role will be used in conjunction with another role to give some trusted users elevated access to sensitive information, for example financial information. This role has no effect at this time.

The `Street Works Administrator` role is not the same as the `User Administrator` role and does not provide access to functionality that is currently exclusive to `User Administrator`s. 
```
